This document specifies the instructions for the annotation task.
You have a folder ANTx (x=1,2,..5) consisting of 3 sub folders- Images, Ocr, Example.
The Images folder consists of newspaper article images and the Ocr folder consists of the corresponding Ocr text from those images.
(Please notice the difference in numbering in both the folders. There is no one to one image correspondence with its Ocr text. This is because there 
can be multiple images corresponding to a single Ocr text article.)
There are 50 news articles in your Ocr folder. We are trying to get the gold standard data of these Ocr text articles.
Your task is to create a new folder called Original, and write the original text,i.e., text as seen in a newspaper article image from Images folder
for every article in the Ocr folder.

Please go through the following points while writing the original text:

a) There should be no punctuation in the text that you write. If you find any tab spaces or any special characters in the 
newspaper images, just skip them while writing the text

b) You need to write in the form of line texts exactly as seen in the news article image and make sure that the number of lines
that you have written for every news article image/s, also match the number of lines in the corresponding OCR text article.

c) An image can be part of a news article spread across multiple images as mentioned earlier- in such cases, original text from multiple images should be combined
and written in a single original text file only. (You will need to determine which images are actually part of the same article. You can take that hint either by
going through first and last lines of the consecutive article images and matching it with Ocr article text.)

d) Naming of the text files in Original folder-> They need to be named in the same manner as
the Ocr folder. So for every Ocr text article for which you are writing the original text, name the original text file with the same name as the Ocr text
followed by the suffix "-original".
Example: If you are writing original text for article 73831.txt from the Ocr folder that corresponds to image 56.jpg from the Images folder,
then the Original folder should have the text file named 73831-original.txt 

e) The Example folder has an example of the ocr, image/s and its corresponding original text file to help you understand the process.

f) Please open the Ocr folder text articles with a Wordpad or Notepad++ or any other software that shows linetexts. Simple
notepad might show the complete article in a single line. No need to use any software if you are working on GitHub itself.

In case of any doubts, please do email me at: aayushee1230@iiitd.ac.in